Problem Statement
A school administrator wants to move away from paper forms and start collecting student details digitally. 
They ask you to build a simple webpage where they can type a new student’s information and send it directly to an online database.

The page should let them fill in a small form, click a button, and send the data as JSON to a server using a POST request. 
After sending, the page should show a confirmation with the student information that was submitted.

You will simulate a real backend using an API that echoes back the JSON you send.

API Information
For this challenge, we will use a dummy API called HTTPBin. 
It lets you practice sending POST requests safely because it does not store your data — it simply sends back whatever you send.

Endpoint and Requirements:

You will send your data to:

https://httpbin.org/post
Your POST request must include:

Method: POST
Headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" }
Body: a JSON string containing a student object with this shape:
name: string
age: number
grade: number
favoriteSubjects: array of strings
hasScholarship: boolean
What the Response Looks Like:

HTTPBin sends back a JSON response that includes many fields, but the most important one is:

json — this contains the exact same object you sent in your POST request.
Example structure of what you will receive:

plain text
{
  "json": {
    "name": "Alice",
    "age": 12,
    "grade": "7",
    "favoriteSubjects": ["Math", "Science"],
    "hasScholarship": true
  },
  ... other diagnostic fields ...
}
You will use the json field from this response to show a confirmation message on your webpage.

Testing and Debugging
To fully understand the challenge, you should follow these two steps:

Use Postman to learn how the API behaves
Send a test request to the API endpoint.
Check the response to understand which fields you will receive.
This helps you understand what your request and response will look like before writing any code.
Build and test your project locally
Write your code on your local computer using an index.html and script.js file.
Open your HTML file in the browser to test your interface and API calls.
Use DevTools effectively:
Sources tab: to debug your JavaScript step by step and inspect variables.
Network tab: to see each request your page makes, what data was sent, and what response came back.

Your Task
Create a webpage with:
A text input for the student’s full name.
A number input for the student’s age.
A number input for the student’s grade (for example: 5, 8, 10).
A group of checkboxes for favorite subjects (for example: Math, Science, English, History).
A checkbox for whether the student has a scholarship.
A Submit button.

An area to display a confirmation message with the submitted data.
An area to display error messages.
When the page first loads:
The confirmation and error areas should be empty.
No API call is made automatically.
When the user clicks the Submit button:
Read all values from the form fields.
Clear any old confirmation or error messages.

Validate the input:
Name must not be empty.
Age must be a positive number.
At least one favorite subject must be selected.
If validation fails, show a clear error message and do not call the API.
If validation passes:
Build a JavaScript object with this shape:
name: string
age: number
grade: string
favoriteSubjects: array of strings
hasScholarship: boolean
Convert this object to JSON.

Send a POST request to https://httpbin.org/post using fetch() with:
method: "POST"
headers including "Content-Type": "application/json"
body set to the JSON string.

After the API response:
If the response is not OK (for example, response.ok is false), show an error message like: "Could not save student. Please try again."
If the response is OK:
Parse the JSON response.
Find the part of the response that contains the JSON you sent.
Use that data to display a confirmation message that includes:

The student’s name.
The grade.
The list of favorite subjects.
Whether they have a scholarship.

Error handling:
Any error during the fetch process, such as network issues or unexpected JSON structure, 
should be shown in the error area instead of leaving the page blank or confusing.
The confirmation area should be cleared when an error is shown.


What does join() do?
join() converts an array into a single string.

join() joins all elements of an array into one string, using a separator.
The join() method converts an array into a string by placing a specified separator between each element.


This line converts the student data object into JSON text and sends it to the server as the request body.

What actually happens step by step?

1️⃣ You create a JS object (studentData)
2️⃣ JSON.stringify() converts it into JSON text
3️⃣ body sends that text to the server
4️⃣ Server receives the JSON
5️⃣ Server converts JSON back to object

Why do we NEED this?

Because:

Browsers cannot send JavaScript objects over the internet

HTTP only sends text
JSON is a text format
So we convert object ➜ text

What does JSON.stringify() do?
JSON.stringify():
Converts a JavaScript object into a JSON string (text)




















